let us make a line provide I usually use
an orange balloon my onion complete it
about 18 inches to make the line first
of all we put on about four or five inch
section at the nose we're then going to
place or make six one inch bubble so one
two three four five six we then take the
second and the fifth of those bubbles
and let's put them together then we take
the big bubble we push them through that
hole in the center roll through make
sure we don't roll it too far and that
will make the lion's face and main then
we'll take one quarter of the balloon
that we see so we have that much half
quarter that's going to be the front leg
we do not make an itch do we make
another bubble the same size there's the
front legs of our line within make a
small bubble about an inch a half of
what we see so if in doubt the back legs
should be slightly shorter than the
front legs you do not have to do this
but I like this giving tap the balloon
and you blow the tail so one two three
you should time not from here when I
handed out to children so they don't do
it again
there is our line
you